docs: Use Museum API instead of Petstore examples (#1386)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/lint.md

#### Pass an API directly

`redocly lint openapi/openapi.yaml`

In this case, `lint` validates the API description(s) passed to the command. If you have no configuration file defined, the [recommended ruleset](../rules/recommended.md) is used. If you have `extends` or `rules` defined in `redocly.yaml`, those are used when linting.

The `apis` argument can also use any glob format supported by your file system. For example, `redocly lint ./root-documents/*.yaml`.

#### An API from the configuration file

Instead of full paths, you can use names listed in the `apis` section of your Redocly configuration file. The example `redocly.yaml` file below shows an API alias `core@v1` defined:

```yaml
apis:
  core@v1:
    root: ./openapi/api-description.json
```

Use the alias with the lint command as shown:

`redocly lint core@v1`

In this case, after resolving the path behind the `core@v1` name (see the `Configuration file` tab), `lint` validates the `api-description.json` file. The presence of the Redocly configuration file is mandatory.

#### All configured APIs

> You can omit apis completely when executing the `lint` command to check all APIs defined in the configuration file. Run `redocly lint` with noarguments to lint all defined APIs; an example `redocly.yaml` file is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can omit apis completely when executing the `lint` command to check all APIs defined in the configuration file. Run `redocly lint` with no arguments to lint all defined APIs; an example `redocly.yaml` file is shown below:
```

By default, the CLI tool looks for the [Redocly configuration file](../configuration/index.md) in the current working directory. Use the optional `--config` argument to provide an alternative path to a configuration file.

> `redocly lint --config=./another/directory/config.yaml`

Reviewer 2: Isn't it better as before as a code block? (it is copy/paste-able as above, and people can also report problems with the code snippet as above)

Author: I think the general consensus was that really the whole page needs refactoring, but that this way is fine for now (and better than the wall of code samples). Happy to open a followup issue, but I'd like to focus on the example updates in this PR.

Reviewer 3: I may look better (which is a matter of taste 💅) but I find it way harder to copy this way.
It's also inconsistent as some pages use code snippets and this one uses inline blocks.

If we decide to keep it as is can we open a ticket for refactoring this page?

Author: We definitely can! There's a lot more we could do if we wanted to invest some serious time in all the command pages IMO. Readability was my main aim on this pass, I think copying the config is more valuable than copying a short command that a user will need to edit anyway, so I picked this setup as the least worst option.

Author: I've added #1429 so we don't lose sight of this.

</file>
</checkstyle>
```

Due to the limitations of this format, only file name, line, column, severity,
and rule ID (in the `source` attribute) are included. All other information is
omitted.

### <a id="max-problems"></a>Limit the problem count

With the `--max-problems` option, you can limit the number of problems displayed in the command output. If the number of detected problems exceeds the specified threshold, the remaining problems are hidden under the "spoiler message" that lets you know how many problems were hidden.

```bash
< ... 2 more problems hidden > increase with `--max-problems N`
```

The default value is 100.

### Generate ignore file

With this option, you can generate the `.redocly.lint-ignore.yaml` file to suppress error and warning severity problems in the output. You still receive visual feedback to let you know how many problems were ignored.

This option is useful when you have an API design standard, but have some exceptions to the rule (for example, a legacy API operation). It allows for highly granular control.

> `redocly lint museum-with-errors.yaml --generate-ignore-file` runs the lint command and add all the errors to an ignore file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`redocly lint museum-with-errors.yaml --generate-ignore-file` runs the lint command and adds all the errors to an ignore file.
```
